feat: add 139th summary (#174)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/139/content.adoc

Date: 08-07-2023

Duration: 4 hrs 51 mins

==== Topics Discussed

* link:https://twitter.com/DhiruCodes[Dheeraj Lalwani^] explained how he implemented link:https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/[Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM)] using Web API's from Firebase instead of SDK.
* We discussed the autosave feature on a lot of IDEs.
	** link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] finds it annoying as he has enabled format on save enabled as well, so whenever he autosaves it also formats the document.
	** Also autosave might able be triggered while someone is in between changing an implementation and everything could break because of features like link:https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/introducing-net-hot-reload/[hot-reload^].
	** link:https://twitter.com/DhiruCodes[Dheeraj Lalwani^] prefers it as it saves the changes and even if the system crashes the changes are there because autosave might have already saved it.

> * link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] and link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^] helped link:https://twitter.com/WilfredAlmeida_[Wilfred Almeida^] to add https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1962094/what-is-the-sign-off-feature-in-git-for[sign off^] in his commit messages.

Author: Sign off is a line you add at the end of every commit message

	** The final solution he ended up with was to create a new PR and link:https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9339429/what-does-cherry-picking-a-commit-with-git-mean[cherry picking^] the changes from old PR.
* link:https://twitter.com/mehraramyak[Ramyak Mehra^] said that he finds https://www.rust-lang.org/[Rust^] pretty complex the build times are very long.
* link:https://twitter.com/WilfredAlmeida_[Wilfred Almeida^] shared how he broke his TP-Link WiFi router by flashing the wrong custom firmware.
* link:https://twitter.com/mehraramyak[Ramyak Mehra^] talked about his ISP: link:https://www.netplus.co.in/[Net Plus] where any other Net Plus customer can log in and connect to his WiFi.

> 	** Tho this creates a security risk but it's good that the user can disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	** Although this creates a security risk, however, the user has an option to disable it.
```

> * link:https://twitter.com/SaifSaifee_dev[Saifuddin Saifee^] asked how he can set up Remote Desktop where a single Windows server could be shared between multiple people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/SaifSaifee_dev[Saifuddin Saifee^] asked how he can set up a Remote Desktop where a single Windows server could be shared between multiple people.
```

Reviewer: Solution?

Author: No one knew how he could do it.

* link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] talked about link:https://www.gamingonlinux.com/2023/07/meta-announced-igl-a-high-performance-cross-platform-graphics-library/[Intermediate Graphics Library (IGL)] by Meta.
	** It is a cross-platform library that commands the GPU. It encapsulates common GPU functionality with a low-level cross-platform interface. IGL is designed to support multiple backends implemented on top of various graphics APIs (e.g. OpenGL, Metal and Vulkan) with a common interface.

> * link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] talked about what issues he has faced while working with a Custom Design System in Flutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] talked about what issues he faced while working with a Custom Design System in Flutter.
```

> 	** Often it's not well defined so sometimes there are places where it won't fit in.

Reviewer: Could you rephrase?

Author: ```suggestion
	** Often it's not well defined and sometimes it becomes difficult to keep up with the designs changes and implementation
```

> 	** It's really difficult to implement such things as Flutter is very Material heavy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	** It's really difficult to implement such things as Flutter is very link:https://docs.flutter.dev/ui/material[Material^] heavy.
```
